Contributor Agreement

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for your present and
future Contributions submitted to the Project.  This Agreement allows the
Contributor to contribute to the Project as defined below.

1. Definitions. “You"/”yours” means the copyright owner or legal entity that is
making this Agreement with VMware. For legal entities, the entity making a
Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are
under common control with that entity are considered to be a single
Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the
power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity,
whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or
more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.
"Contribution" means any original work of authorship, including any
modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted
by you to VMware for inclusion in, or documentation of, any project owned or
managed by VMware (the "Project"). For the purposes of this definition,
"submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
to VMware or its representatives, including, but not limited to, communication
on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking
systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, VMware for the purpose of
discussing and improving the Project, but excluding communication that is
conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by you  as "Not a
Contribution."

2.  Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, you hereby grant to VMware and to recipients of software distributed
by VMware a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of,
publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute your
Contributions and such derivative works.

3.  Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, you hereby grant to VMware and to recipients of software distributed
by VMware a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable (except as stated in this section), patent license to make, have
made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Project,
where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by you that
are necessarily infringed by your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of
your Contribution(s) with the Project to which such Contribution(s) was
submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against you or any other
entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that
your Contribution, or the Project to which you have contributed, constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to
that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or Project shall
terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4.  You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If
you are a legal entity, you represent that the person entering into this
Agreement on behalf of the legal entity has the authority to bind the legal
entity to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  If your employee(s) has
rights to intellectual property that is included in your Contributions, you
represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of
such employee(s), that such employee(s) has waived such rights for such
Contributions to VMware, or that such employee(s) has executed a separate
Contributor Agreement with VMware.

5.  You represent that each of your Contributions is your or your employees’
original creation (see Section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You
represent that your Contribution submissions include complete details of any
third party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to,
related patents and trademarks) of which you are aware and which is associated
with any part of your Contributions.

6.  You are not expected to provide support for your Contributions, except to
the extent you desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for
a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
writing, you provide your Contribution(s) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including,
without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7.  Should you wish to submit work that is not your original creation, you may
submit it to VMware separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete
details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but
not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which
you are aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a
third-party: [named here]".

8.  You agree to notify VMware at OSSContributions@vmware.com of any facts or
circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations
inaccurate in any respect.

9.  This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California, without
regard to its choice of law provisions, and by the laws of the United States.
This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between the
parties, and supersedes any previous communications, representations or
agreements, whether oral or written, regarding the subject matter herein.


Print Name:


Signature:


Date:

